Expose Mac Address on hcloud server describe (#185)
hetznercloud/cli: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## master

> * Expose `Mac Address` of network on `hcloud server describe` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Expose server’s MAC address in networks on `hcloud server describe`
```
